Docs: Document which data sources work with caching (#36561)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/query-caching.md

- Reduced API costs.
- Reduced likelihood that APIs will rate-limit or throttle requests.

## Data sources that work with query caching

> Query caching works for all [Enterprise data sources](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource&enterprise=1), and it works for all [built-in data sources]({{< relref "../datasources/_index.md" >}}) except for Elasticsearch, Prometheus, and Loki, which cache queries themselves.

Reviewer: We probably need to verify this: `it works for all [built-in data sources]({{< relref "../datasources/_index.md" >}}) except for Elasticsearch, Prometheus, and Loki, which cache queries themselves`.

Author: Went through and confirmed which built-in data sources display the Cache tab and which ones don't.

- Reduced API costs.
- Reduced likelihood that APIs will rate-limit or throttle requests.

> ## Data sources that work with query caching

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Data sources that work with query caching

```

Query caching works for all [Enterprise data sources](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource&enterprise=1), and it works for the following [built-in data sources]({{< relref "../datasources/_index.md" >}}):

> - InfluxDB

Reviewer 2: Alphabetize this list, please.

Author: Done :)

- Tempo
- MySQL
- Postgres
- Microsoft SQL Server
- Google Cloud Monitoring
- CloudWatch

> Some data sources,like  Elasticsearch, Prometheus, and Loki, cache queries themselves and therefore Grafana query caching does not improve performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some data sources, such as Elasticsearch, Prometheus, and Loki, cache queries themselves, so Grafana query caching does not improve performance.
```

Query caching also works for all data sources that include a backend. More specifically, caching works with data sources that extend the `DataSourceWithBackend` class in the plugins SDK.

> To tell if a data source works with query caching, follow the instructions below to **Enable and Configure query caching**. If Caching is enabled in Grafana but the Caching tab is not visible for the given data source, then query caching is not available for that data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To tell if a data source works with query caching, follow the instructions below to **Enable and Configure query caching**. If caching is enabled in Grafana but the Caching tab is not visible for the given data source, then query caching is not available for that data source.
```
